Add system test and doc to http (#8591)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/howto/operator/http/http.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

HTTP Operators
==============

> In all of the following code examples we are using the ``http_default`` connection which means we calling requests
> against `httpbin <https://www.httpbin.org/>`__ site to perform basic http operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code examples use the ``http_default`` connection which means the requests are sent against `httpbin <https://www.httpbin.org/>`__ site to perform basic HTTP operations.
```

> .. _howto/operator:HttpSensor:

Reviewer: Thanks for adding docs, always love seeing additional docs

.. _howto/operator:SimpleHttpOperator:

Use the :class:`~airflow.providers.http.operators.http.SimpleHttpOperator` to call HTTP requests and get
the response text back.

In the first example we are calling a ``POST`` with json data and succeed when we get the same json data back
otherwise the task will fail.

.. exampleinclude:: ../../../airflow/providers/http/example_dags/example_http.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: [START howto_operator_http_t1]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_http_t1]

Here we are calling a ``GET`` request and pass params to it. The task will succeed regardless of the response text.

.. exampleinclude:: ../../../airflow/providers/http/example_dags/example_http.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: [START howto_operator_http_t2]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_http_t2]

In the third example we are performing a ``PUT`` operation to put / set data according to the data that is being
provided to the request.

.. exampleinclude:: ../../../airflow/providers/http/example_dags/example_http.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: [START howto_operator_http_t3]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_http_t3]

> In this example we calling a ``DELETE`` operation to the ``delete`` endpoint. This time we are passing form data to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we call a ``DELETE`` operation to the ``delete`` endpoint. This time we are passing form data to the
```

request.

.. exampleinclude:: ../../../airflow/providers/http/example_dags/example_http.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: [START howto_operator_http_t4]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_http_t4]

> Here we are passing form data to a ``POST`` operation which is equal to a usual form submit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we pass form data to a ``POST`` operation which is equal to a usual form submit.
```
